Support instead providing a list of values to write_memory() (#1079)
rigetti/pyquil: CHANGELOG.md

### Improvements and Changes

-   Type hints have been added to the `PauliTerm` class (@rht, gh-1075).

> -   The QAM's 'Write_Memory()' now accepts either a Sequence of values or a single value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `QAM.write_memory` now accepts either a Sequence of values or a single value.
```

Reviewer: lol this change reverted

> -   'QAM.write_memory' now accepts either a Sequence of values or a single value. (@tommy-moffat, gh-658)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `QAM.write_memory` now accepts either a Sequence of values or a single value. (@tommy-moffat, gh-658)
```

these are supposed to be backticks to get markdown "code" formatting, but I don't have the heart to "request changes" again!

> -   `QAM.write_memory` now accepts either a Sequence of values or a single value. (@tommy-moffat, gh-658)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   `QAM.write_memory` now accepts either a `Sequence` of values or a single value
    (@tommy-moffat, gh-1079).
```

Reviewer 2: You can just click the "Commit suggestion" and it handles it for you. Note that I changed the `gh-###` to the PR number rather than the issue number.

Reviewer 2: I was able to resolve this myself, but the other suggestion still applies!
